add get_latest_resource to readme (#40)
Public-Health-Scotland/phsopendata: README.Rmd

Author: something like "extracts the most recent resource from applicable datasets, by dataset name" or adding "where applicable" to the end? or is that too vague?

`phsopendata` contains functions to interact with open data from the [Scottish Health and Social Care Open Data platform](https://www.opendata.nhs.scot/) via the CKAN API. 

- `get_resource()` extracts a single resource from an open dataset by resource id

> - `get_latest_resource()` extracts the most recent resource from an open dataset by dataset name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_latest_resource()` extracts the most recent resource from applicable datasets, by dataset name
```
